# cse557a-research-project

This repository contains our code for the SP 2022 CSE 557A Research Project by Vishesh Patel, Robert Kasumba, and Micah Wolfsohn. The code was written in Python in Jupyter Notebooks.

## Data:
The data folder contains all of the csv's we pulled from the Twitter API for our userbase, as well as the aggregated dataset we generated by combining the individual tweets.
Each author has a separate csv for their monthly tweets, which we combined for all users.

## Tweet mining and dataset generation:
The "COVID Tweet Miner.ipynb" file mines the tweets from the API. The "Combined Datasets.ipynb" and "Combined Datasets Revised.ipynb" contain the code we used to combine the 
individual tweet files.

## Dashboard:
To use the dashboard, open the file titled "dashboard_and_viz_tests_main.ipynb" in a Jupyter notebook. The first cell of the notebook contains all of the 
prerequisite imports that must be installed to run the code. Additionally, the user should have installed Voila. 
This can be done by creating a cell and typing in "pip install voila". Close out of all Jupyter Notebook tabs and restart the Jupyter server and there should be
a button that next to the command palette with text that says Voila on it. Click on that button to open up the dashboard. 

From there, you can see all the visualizations generated by the Jupyter notebook on a webpage. 
There is a dropdown menu that allows you to filter by the tweet authors in our dataset, and picking an author will update the visualizations in that section
of the webpage to reflect the information we generate surrounding their tweets.

All other files contain legacy/draft code as of 5/9/2022 were used to ultimately create the file that generates the Voila dashboard.
